{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2757
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red6\green53\blue64;\red255\green255\blue255;\red2\green32\blue42;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c27059\c32157;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c16863\c21569;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Exclusion of liability\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \strokec4 All details and information contained in our web sites have been carefully researched and checked by TransnetBW GmbH. We make all efforts to keep on adding to this information and ensure it is up to date. TransnetBW GmbH cannot, however, accept any liability, warranty or guarantee that it is accurate, complete or current. This also applies to websites to which this site refers, either directly or indirectly. Binding statements may be made only in response to specific enquiries. Except in cases of deliberate action, gross negligence, loss of life or bodily injury, TransnetBW GmbH shall not be liable for direct or indirect losses, including lost profits, arising in connection with information made available on this website. The above limitations do not apply to legal obligations to supply details in the \'93legal information\'94 section and the data protection statement. TransnetBW GmbH reserves the right to change or add to the information made available without prior notice.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 Copyright and intellectual property rights\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \strokec4 The content and structure of these web pages are protected by copyright. These pages and their content may not be reproduced without the prior agreement of TransnetBW GmbH, except for the press releases contained in the \'93Press\'94 section. Links to web pages at\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.transnetbw.com/en"}}{\fldrslt \ul www.transnetbw.com}}\'a0are permitted. These Conditions of Use, and the use of these web pages and the associated services, are governed by German law, except for the provisions referring to conflict of laws.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 Registration and data maintenance\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \strokec4 Some offerings on our website may require registration. The data specified here are stored for the purpose of managing your registration until the time of revocation. TransnetBW GmbH is required to not forward the stored data to third parties. The e-mail address you provide is not visible to other users.\
In the event of subsequent changes, your master data, particularly address and contact details as well as other information in the user account, must always be kept up to date.\
You are required to take the greatest possible care when using your access details and to do everything in your power to ensure that the data are handled confidentially and securely and not disclosed to third parties. You are required to inform the provider without delay if there is any reason to suspect that a third party has gained knowledge of access details and/or is misusing a user account.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 Responsibility for content\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \strokec4 You are personally responsible for your login details and the content you create (such as messages to other users or images). TransnetBW will not take ownership of your content.\
TransnetBW GmbH reserves the right to immediately block content that infringes applicable legislation or contains offensive material where there is a well-founded suspicion.\
Should a claim be asserted against TransnetBW due to impermissible content or other infringements of legislation for which you are responsible, you shall indemnify TransnetBW at its first request and assist it in defending itself against the claims. The indemnity will cover the necessary legal costs.\
TransnetBW GmbH may exclude users who violate the terms of use from any further participation.\
}